README.md, before:

# Read Me
This project represents the collaborative efforts of Amy Karanze, Nicole Latifi, Stephanie Norton, and Jake West.

## Overview
Read Me is a web application we built that connects users to various New York Times Best Sellers Lists. For our group project during Module 3 of the Turing School of Software and Design, we were asked to built a web application that incorporates technology unfamiliar to us. Our group integrated Redux as our "stretch tech," to aid us in managing global state.

## Technologies and Systems
- React
- Redux
- React Router
- JSX
- Test driven development with:
    - React Testing Library
    - Jest

## Contributors:
Amy Karanze: [GitHub](https://github.com/amykarnaze) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/amy-karnaze-ba94b917/)
Nicole Latifi: [GitHub](https://github.com/NicoleLatifi) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicole-latifi/)
Stephanie Norton: [GitHub](https://github.com/NakiNorton) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/stephanie-norton-12888453/)
Jake West: [GitHub](https://github.com/jkwest-93) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jake-west-3840b71b4/)

Commit message:

Add installation instructions and section for gifs #55

README.md, after:

# Read Me
This project represents the collaborative efforts of Amy Karanze, Nicole Latifi, Stephanie Norton, and Jake West.

## Overview
Read Me is a web application we built that connects users to various New York Times Best Sellers Lists. For our group project during Module 3 of the Turing School of Software and Design, we were asked to built a web application that incorporates technology unfamiliar to us. Our group integrated Redux as our "stretch tech," to aid us in managing global state.

## Technologies and Systems
- React
- Redux
- React Router
- JSX
- Test driven development with:
    - React Testing Library
    - Jest

## Installation Instructions
- Clone down the repo from: https://github.com/NakiNorton/book-lovers
    - When you run git clone, you can name the project as you choose like this (you replace the `[...]` with the terminal command arguments): `git clone git@github.com:NakiNorton/book-lovers.git [...]`
- Run `npm install` to update dependencies
- To verify that everything is set up correctly, run `npm start` in the terminal. Visit `http://localhost:3000/` in the browser (or whichever port is provided!) to visit the deployed application.

## Project in Action

## Contributors:
Amy Karanze: [GitHub](https://github.com/amykarnaze) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/amy-karnaze-ba94b917/)
Nicole Latifi: [GitHub](https://github.com/NicoleLatifi) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicole-latifi/)
Stephanie Norton: [GitHub](https://github.com/NakiNorton) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/stephanie-norton-12888453/)
Jake West: [GitHub](https://github.com/jkwest-93) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jake-west-3840b71b4/)
